## <font color="yellow"><u>What is std::reverse?</u></font>

std::reverse is a function in the C++ standard library that can reverse the order of elements in a range, such as an array, vector, or list. It is defined in the `<algorithm>` header file and is part of the STL algorithms library. It can work with any container that supports bidirectional iterators, which are iterators that can move forward and backward in the container. It uses std::iter_swap to swap the elements to their new locations.

To use std::reverse, you need to provide two iterators that define the range of elements to be reversed. For example, if you have a vector of integers named `v`, you can reverse it by calling `std::reverse(v.begin(), v.end())`. This will reverse the elements from the beginning to the end of the vector. If you want to reverse only a part of the vector, you can pass different iterators that point to the desired sub-range.

std::reverse has a linear time complexity of O(N), where N is the number of elements in the range. It performs at most N/2 swaps until it reverses all the elements or reaches the middle of the range. It does not return anything, but modifies the original container.

---
## <font color="yellow"><u>Example:</u></font>

```c++
#include <iostream>
#include <algorithm>
#include <vector>

using namespace std;

int main() {
  // Create a vector
  vector<int> v = {5, 3, 2, 1, 4};

  // Reverse the vector
  reverse(v.begin(), v.end());

  // Print the reversed vector
  cout << "The reversed vector is: ";
  for (int i = 0; i < v.size(); i++) {
    cout << v[i] << " ";
  }
  cout << endl;

  return 0;
}

```

Output:

```
The reversed vector is: 4 1 2 3 5
```

std::reverse reverses the elements of a sequence in place. It takes two iterators as arguments, and reverses the elements between the two iterators.

std::reverse can be used to reverse any type of sequence, including arrays, vectors, lists, and strings. It is a very efficient function, and it is often used in conjunction with other standard library algorithms, such as std::sort and std::remove.

---
