## <font color="yellow"><u>What is std::count_if?</u></font>

std::count_if is a function in the C++ standard library that can count the number of elements in a range that satisfy a given predicate. A predicate is a function or an object that returns a boolean value when applied to an element. std::count_if is defined in the `<algorithm>` header file and is part of the STL algorithms library.

To use std::count_if, you need to provide two iterators that define the range of elements to be counted, and the predicate to be applied to each element. For example, if you have a vector of integers named `v`, you can count how many odd numbers are in the vector by calling `std::count_if(v.begin(), v.end(), { return x % 2 == 1; })`. This will return an integer that represents the number of elements in the vector that are odd.

std::count_if has a linear time complexity of O(N), where N is the number of elements in the range. It performs at most N calls to the predicate until it counts all the matches or reaches the end of the range. It does not require the range to be sorted or have any particular order.

---
## <font color="yellow"><u>Example:</u></font>


```c++
#include <iostream>
#include <algorithm>
#include <vector>

using namespace std;

int main() 
{
  // Create a vector
  vector<int> v = {5, 3, 2, 1, 4};

  // Count the number of elements in the vector that are even
  int even_count = count_if(v.begin(), v.end(), [](int x) { return x % 2 == 0; });

  // Print the count
  cout << "The number of even elements in the vector is " << even_count << endl;

  return 0;
}

```

Output:

```
The number of even elements in the vector is 2
```

std::count_if is similar to std::count, but instead of counting the number of elements in a sequence that are equal to a specific value, it counts the number of elements that satisfy a given condition. The condition is a function that takes one argument and returns a bool value. If the function returns true for an element, then that element is counted.

std::count_if can be used to count the number of elements in any type of sequence, and it can be used with any type of condition. This makes it a very powerful and versatile function.

---
