## <font color="yellow"><u>What is std::transform?</u></font>

std::transform is a function in the C++ standard library that can apply a function to a range of elements and store the result in another range. It is defined in the `<algorithm>` header file and is part of the STL algorithms library. It can work with any container that supports iterators, such as arrays, vectors, lists, etc. It can perform either a unary operation or a binary operation on the elements, depending on the number of input ranges provided.

To use std::transform, you need to provide one or two iterators that define the input range(s) of elements to be transformed, an iterator that defines the output range where the result will be stored, and a function or an object that defines the transformation logic. For example, if you have a vector of integers named `v`, you can transform it by adding 10 to each element and storing the result in another vector named `w` by calling `std::transform(v.begin(), v.end(), w.begin(), { return x + 10; })`. This will use a lambda expression as a unary operation to add 10 to each element in `v` and store the result in `w`.

std::transform has a linear time complexity of O(N), where N is the number of elements in the input range(s). It performs at most N calls to the function or object until it transforms all the elements or reaches the end of the output range. It does not modify the original input container(s), but creates a new output container.

---
## <font color="yellow"><u>Example:</u></font>

```c++
#include <iostream>
#include <algorithm>
#include <vector>

using namespace std;

int main() {
  // Create two vectors
  vector<int> v1 = {5, 3, 2, 1, 4};
  vector<int> v2 = {10, 7, 4, 2, 2};

  // Create a new vector to store the results of the transformation
  vector<int> results;

  // Transform the elements of the two vectors using a lambda function
  std::transform(v1.begin(), v1.end(), v2.begin(), back_inserter(results), [](int x, int y) { return x + y; });

  // Print the results
  cout << "The results of the transformation are: ";
  for (int i = 0; i < results.size(); i++) {
    cout << results[i] << " ";
  }
  cout << endl;

  return 0;
}

```

Output:

```
The results of the transformation are: 15 10 6 3 6
```

std::transform transforms the elements of a sequence by applying a given function to each element. It takes four iterators as arguments:

- The first iterator points to the beginning of the input sequence.
- The second iterator points to the end of the input sequence.
- The third iterator points to the beginning of the output sequence.
- The fourth iterator points to the end of the output sequence.

std::transform applies the given function to each element of the input sequence and stores the result in the corresponding element of the output sequence.

std::transform can be used to transform the elements of any type of sequence, and it can be used with any type of function. This makes it a very powerful and versatile function.

---
